Fix 404 link to the pyporting mailing list (#27320)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/pyporting.rst

   came into existence, you can read Nick Coghlan's `Python 3 Q & A`_ or
   Brett Cannon's `Why Python 3 exists`_.

   

>    For help with porting, you can use this python-converter-tool_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For help with porting, you can view the archived python-porting_ mailing list.
```

.. _pytype: https://github.com/google/pytype
.. _python-future: http://python-future.org/

> .. _python-converter-tool: https://360techexplorer.com/tools/python-2-to-3-converter/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _python-porting: https://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-porting/
```
